Hey, didn't you say you're not free tonight?
Hey, this doesn't seem interesting.
Why don't you answer the phone?
Are you moving bricks?
Hey wife hello
Actually, I seem to be drinking too much.
At the Star Hotel
Can you come and pick me up, honey?
Oh, coming up.
Just stay there and don't move.
Wife actually
Why are you here so soon?
Did you fly over from kindergarten?
Hey, you're drunk.
I'll take you back.
You are so kind
You are so kind to me.
But my boss still likes me.
Who did you say he was?
He is a small rich leaf stone green in a famous city
Then you are my wife capable
I didn't expect it.
Gu Qingqing's husband and Ye's concubine are the same person